Initial workflow for ivanti agent status from slack (#169)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Get_Ivanti_Agent_Status_From_Slack/help.md

# Description

This workflow provides a convient way to retrieve agent status from Ivanti Security Controls directly from the comfort of Slack. When triggered, the workflow fetches agent details by hostname from Ivanti and posts the results in a Slack thread. Agent information includes hostname, agent ID, status, and last check-in time.

Sample Slack Trigger Commands: 

> `@Slackbot check-agent-status hostname-1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@Rapid7 InsightConnect check-agent-status hostname-1`
```

# Key Features

* Quickly identify if the Ivanti agent is installed on a host
* Retrieve the status of the agent
* Find out the last time the agent checked in

# Requirements

* Ivanti Security Controls host or IP
* Ivanti Security Controls account credentials
* InsightConnect License
* [Slack](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/configure-slack-for-chatops)

# Documentation

## Setup

Once the workflow has been imported, edit the workflow and configure connections and orchestrators in each step.

If you do not already have a Slack connection configured, please refer to our [Help documentation](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/configure-slack-for-chatops).

### Usage

> To trigger this workflow, @ the Slackbot in Slack or send the bot a DM in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger this workflow, @ the Rapid7 InsightConnect bot in Slack or send the bot a DM in the following format:
```
